An enterprise that considers security to be important must plan for appropriate security in accordance with the overall enterprise business plans. An enterprise may need to address legacy security plans and policies for the enterprise, or develop completely new ones. The same will apply to any information technology (IT) systems that are major assets of the enterprise. For the IT systems, the enterprise may need to adopt an existing security architecture or specify a new target architecture. To determine the most appropriate security to select and implement, the enterprise must establish its validated security needs. How can realistic enterprise security needs be explicitly identified? The resolution of this problem is strongly intertwined with the environment of the enterprise, which consists of the following forces: The enterprise needs to comply with laws and regulations, such as privacy laws It needs to handle sensitive information in a way that protects confidentiality It must comply with its own existing policy, especially any security policies It needs to provide sufficient protection for mission-critical business assets It must ensure that the security employed has minimum potential impact on business efficiency and efficacy that is, it does not protect more than is necessary It must know when undesired events occur It must be able to recover from undesired events Overall costs need to be minimized##%%&&security needs identification for enterprise assets
The ability to define an asset's value is a key component of any risk assessment. Threats and vulnerabilities that target and expose an asset are only significant within the context of the asset's value. Without this determination, an enterprise is unable to properly assess the risks posed to its assets. How can an enterprise determine the overall value of its assets? An enterprise must resolve the following forces: It must develop a standardized way of assessing and describing an asset's worth It must provide consistent results despite the subjectivity inherent in this process It must be able to assess, as much as possible, the soft costs due to loss or compromise of an asset It may not be able fully to evaluate the safety impact due to the loss of an asset without having previously experienced a harmful event When evaluating hard costs, an enterprise may waste time on incidental costs, or those of much lesser value relative to the asset##%%&&asset valuation
Enterprise assets face a barrage of attacks and hazardous events from all directions. Without effectively acknowledging the origins and frequency of these threats, an enterprise may never recognize the extent to which their assets are at risk. How can an enterprise identify harmful events and determine the likelihood of their occurrence? An enterprise must resolve the following forces: It must identify only those threats that have the potential for causing damage The type of business in which an enterprise is engaged will strongly affect the potential threat sources it will face The enterprise would like to develop a standardized way of identifying threats and assessing their likelihood, to be consistent with subsequent threat assessments The solution should address all assets included in the scope of a risk assessment, including informational and physical assets and, ideally, should be able to address vulnerabilities in non-IT systems##%%&&threat assessment
Enterprise assets and the controls protecting them may be fully secure, or may have numerous weaknesses, some of which may never be exploited, and some of which may be exploited every day. Without proper cataloguing of these vulnerabilities, an enterprise might never recognize the extent of the weaknesses of their assets. How can an enterprise identify vulnerabilities to its assets and determine the severity of those vulnerabilities? An enterprise must resolve the following forces: It might have experience with a single tool or method for discovering weaknesses, but may not be aware of other techniques that can reveal other, potentially critical, vulnerabilities. It need only identify vulnerabilities for which threats exist, and therefore the enterprise must be able to determine if a given vulnerability has an associated threat. It would like to develop a standardized way of identifying vulnerabilities and assessing their severity, in order to be consistent with subsequent vulnerability assessments. The solution should address all assets included in the scope of a risk assessment, including informational and physical assets, and, ideally, should be able to address vulnerabilities in non-IT systems.##%%&&vulnerability assessment
Once the work has been done to determine an asset's worth and assess the threats and vulnerabilities that affect it, its overall risk needs to be determined. Without a formal method for determining risk, how can one be assured that effort expended in protecting an asset is too high or too low? How does an enterprise evaluate the risks posed to its assets? An enterprise must resolve the following forces: The results of the risk assessment must be understood by the executive team if they are to address risk in the enterprise effectively. Determination of risk is directly related to asset value, threat likelihood, and vulnerability severity. Conducting a risk assessment requires resources such as time, people and project funding, as well as a commitment to follow up the results. Quantitative risk measures imply greater precision and are therefore preferred over qualitative indicators, but only if the quantitative scores are based on adequate measurements: false precision in risk levels is misleading##%%&&risk determination
To integrate security into a business model, an enterprise or organization needs to determine preferred security approaches for achieving the security properties of its assets. Planning and operational diligence are security approaches that are always necessary to ensure effective security. In contrast, prevention, detection, and response are security approaches that may be applied in different proportions to each asset type and security property combination. Some business asset/property combinations will have one preferred approach. For example, critical assets that require the integrity property and that cannot be repaired or replaced will have a focus on prevention, since detection and response do not offer a solution to business impairment. On the other hand, assets that require the integrity property but are not critical, or that can be easily and cheaply repaired or replaced, will have a focus on detection of integrity problems and response (usually replacement). How can security approaches be selected and integrated across an enterprise? The forces applicable at the business model level of organization concerns are still abstract and are strongly intertwined with the business processes of the organization. The enterprise needs to resolve the following forces: The security properties identified for enterprise assets must be achieved. Security risks cannot be eliminated, but can be significantly reduced by a combination of prevention, detection, and response approaches. For critical assets, prevention is preferable to recovery, that is, it is better to prevent a violation of security than to have the violation occur and then try to recover from it. Prevention is sometimes impossible to guarantee, or is prohibitively expensive. A prevention mechanism can fail in the face of an unforeseen attack, but it can still be effective for the regular case. Some detection mechanisms can also facilitate prevention, especially when made obvious, such as a prominently-displayed security camera, or a motion sensor that sets off a loud alarm. The costs of providing security must be kept to a minimum. Security should have minimal negative impact on business process performance and on users (for example, vendors, clients, staff). Continuity of operations must be maintained even in the face of security incidents, and you want to recover in a timely and satisfactory way from security incidents that cannot be prevented (for example disaster recovery). It should be possible to analyze security incidents to improve your approach.##%%&&enterprise security approaches
A new wing of an existing museum of gemstones is to be opened. The museum's management has already identified security as an enterprise concern and determined appropriate security properties and approaches to be supported. Now the management needs to identify what security services will be used. A specific asset group is used in this simple example problem. The museum has identified three specific gems as irreplaceable due to their financial value. They can only be insured for approximately two-thirds of their actual monetary value. The museum wants to provide integrity and availability for physical protection of the gems, but also confidentiality for the real value of the assets. The museum has determined that prevention will be the primary approach to providing integrity and availability of the gems. Prevention will also provide confidentiality for information that stipulates real monetary values. Detection and response will provide secondary approaches to protecting these gems and resources will be allocated to prevention first. The museum now needs to determine what abstract security services will support the desired properties and approaches##%%&&enterprise security services
To fully integrate security into the business model, business planners need to identify the security services needed to protect each category of enterprise asset. Selection of security services will need to balance the resources the museum is willing to allocate in order to address security approaches appropriately. At the business level, planners provide direction about how much emphasis to focus on preventing security incidents, detecting incidents after the fact, and the level of focus for responding to security incidents. Some services, such as access control, emphasize a prevention approach. Other services, such as accounting, emphasize detection and response. Still others, such as identification and authentication, support both prevention and detection. How do you select and integrate security services across the organization to support security properties using preferred security approaches? The forces applicable at the business model level of concerns are still abstract and are strongly intertwined with business processes. The enterprise needs to resolve the following forces: Customers and clients expect suitable protection of their assets Unauthorized access to critical assets that require prevention as the primary protection must be prevented A strong ability to discover security incidents provides protection for assets that require detection as a primary approach It is necessary to be able to recover from, or actively respond to, incidents for assets where prevention is not suitable or where prevention fails Accurate actor identification provides more protection when actors access critical assets Strong security services provide greater asset protection, but tend to be harder to use Weak security services tend to be easier to use, but provide less asset protection##%%&&enterprise security services
When an enterprise engages in a business relationship, it typically exchanges information and allows users and/or applications to access privileged resources. Not only can there be risk of theft or manipulation of data, but also risk of unauthorized access to resources by another organization. Furthermore, you may trust the partner with whom you entered into a relationship, but can you trust their contractors, application vendors, networks, or firewall configuration? A breach in their network may lead to a breach in your own. How can an enterprise protect its systems and data while communicating with external partners? An enterprise must resolve the following forces: It needs to be reasonably assured that sensitive information is protected when traveling beyond its control. Security procedures become difficult to manage when one entity does not share the same security requirement and considerations as the other. It must conform to legislation when storing and transferring financial or personal health information. Applications that communicate with business partners become vulnerable, not only to attack from that partner, but also from attacks from users who defeat the partner's security. The services that the partner may access might require special or custom network paths that are not used by regular customers or internal users. An enterprise may not have the time or ability to properly evaluate the security controls of the partner, and the partner may not be able to conform to the security requirements imposed by the enterprise (in time).##%%&&enterprise partner communication
Requirements for I&A often conflict with each other, and trade-offs among them are often necessary. The conflict stated in the Example section is that strength of protection with I&A tends to conflict with ease of use. I&A comprises both associating an identifier with an actor (identification) and verifying that the association is correct (authentication). I&A is a security service whose results are often used by other security services, including access control and accounting. A basic set of generic I&A requirements exists for all types of use and circumstances. However, these generic requirements need to be specialized for a given I&A domain. In addition, the relative importance of the requirements will vary based on the circumstances. What is needed is (1) to capture the specific set of requirements, and (2) to understand how to differentiate the relative importance of the requirements in specific circumstances to balance or resolve the conflicts How can you determine specific requirements for an I&A service, and their relative importance? Determination of I&A requirements needs to resolve the following forces: Owners of I&A services want the services to perform their expected function, that is, correctly to determine whether an actor is associated with an identifier Incorrectly confirming the false claim of an imposter can lead to extensive disclosure of or damage to assets Incorrectly denying the true claim of a legitimate actor can lead to loss of productivity through denial of service or denial of access to authorized assets Users want I&A services to offer good quality of service: rapid response, proper functioning, easy to understand, safe, appropriate for category of user, and supportive of handicapped users The enterprise wants its I&A services to be cost effective and provide a good return on investment There are often reasons for making identifiers public for example, e-mail identifiers need to be known so that others can send e-mail The I&A service will need to protect against the potential for stolen identities and the impacts of stolen identities and authenticators##%%&&i&a requirements
I&A is a common need for systems and enterprises. Multiple techniques exist for achieving I&A. Different techniques emphasize different types of authenticators. No one technique is the best in all situations. Trade-offs and weighting are typically necessary, because in general the techniques have differing and often complementary strengths and weaknesses. For example, PKI provides high accuracy, but has relatively high infrastructure and cost impact, while passwords provide less accuracy, but have low infrastructure and cost impact. In addition, certain combinations of techniques can produce an I&A strategy that in some circumstances satisfies requirements better than any of the individual techniques. For example, a combination of password and hardware token is typically stronger than either individual technique, because each compensates for a weakness of the other. A common perspective for comparing and combining techniques is the following categorization: Something you know, for example a password. Something you have, for example a hardware token. Something you are, for example a biometric characteristic such as an iris image. Recently a fourth category has emerged: where you are, for example, derived from either your IP address or through the use of GPS, which is now included in some cell phones and PDAs. This is an additional kind of information available for authentication. An I&A strategy may be influenced by the selection of strategies for other I&A domains within an enterprise. The enterprise may find it more efficient in terms of cost, training, and maintenance if all I&A domains that have similar requirements use the same strategy. For example, the enterprise may decide that the I&A used in granting out-of-hours physical access to all enterprise facilities throughout the country should use the same technique, such as biometrics. Using a single technique for I&A in an organization is attractive, for example for achieving single sign-on (SSO). On the other hand, using a single technique is also dangerous, because it is a single point of failure, thus violating the  defense in depth? principle (see Chapter 15). For example, if you are an imposter and your identity claim is accepted, you may be given access to multiple critical resources. How can a strategy for I&A be selected that satisfies I&A requirements? Based on the foregoing discussion, we can summarize the forces that influence selection of a strategy that balances techniques to satisfy I&A requirements: Some techniques satisfy some I&A requirements better than others. In many cases certain combinations of I&A techniques can satisfy requirements better than any individual technique. A common strategy is to combine techniques from two or more of these categories: something you know, something you have, something you are, and where you are. An I&A strategy may be influenced by the selection of strategies for other I&A domains within an enterprise. Using a single technique for I&A across an organization may be efficient, but it is also dangerous, because it is a single point of failure##%%&&automated i&a design alternatives
How can passwords be created, managed, and used in a manner that retains password accessibility for their owners, but renders the passwords inaccessible to imposters? In addition to forces relating to issues that apply to all I&A authenticators, the following forces specifically affect password practice: Stolen or guessed passwords can be used to masquerade as another person, which leads to false positives, that is, falsely confirming an unauthorized identity If passwords are stolen or compromised, assets whose protection relied on the confidentiality of the passwords can be damaged People need to remember their passwords in order to use them Passwords that are difficult to guess tend to be difficult to remember, which leads to false negatives, that is, falsely denying an authorized identity Passwords that are recorded can be intentionally or inadvertently discovered by someone else A person typically has many contexts in which a password is needed Using a single password in all contexts increases the potential scope of damage from password theft Using a different password in each context increases the difficulty of remembering each one, which in turn increases the pressure to record each one, reducing the protection of the passwords##%%&&password design and use
Each technique has different strengths and weaknesses, which are described in the Implementation section. Therefore, no one technique or combination of techniques is best for all enterprises. Decisions are needed to determine the best biometric mechanisms for the given purpose. It should be noted that biometrics, at least in human-readable form, have been available for a long time, even before the term biometrics was used. For example, badges, licenses, and passports have often included photographs as well as physical characteristics such as height and eye color. Fingerprints have long been used in criminal justice and other security contexts.##%%&&biometrics design alternatives
We need to have a way to control access to resources, including information. The first step is to declare who is authorized to access resources in specific ways. Otherwise, any active entity (user, process) could access any resource and we could have confidentiality and integrity problems. How do we describe who is authorized to access specific resources in a system? The solution to this problem must balance the following forces: The authorization structure must be independent of the type of resources. For example, it should describe access by users to conceptual entities, access by programs to operating system resources, and so on, in a uniform way. The authorization structure should be flexible enough to accommodate different types of subjects, objects, and rights. It should be easy to modify the rights of a subject in response to changes in their duties or responsibilities.##%%&&authorization
For convenient administration of authorization rights we need to have ways to factor out rights. Otherwise, the number of individual rights is just too large, and granting rights to individual users would require storing many authorization rules, and it would be hard for administrators to keep track of these rules. How do we assign rights based on the functions or tasks of people? The solution to this problem must balance the following forces: In most organizations people can be classified according to their functions or tasks Common tasks require similar sets of rights We want to help the organization to define precise access rights for its members according to a need-to-know policy##%%&&role-based access control
How can you control access in an environment with sensitive documents so as to prevent leakage of information? The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: We need to protect the confidentiality and integrity of data based on its sensitivity. Users have to be allowed to read documents based on their rank or position in the organization. There should be a way to increase or decrease the ability of users to read documents and the sensitivity of the documents. Otherwise, people promoted to higher positions, for example, could not read sensitive documents, and we would end up with a proliferation of sensitive and obsolete documents.##%%&&multilevel security
How can you control access in an environment with sensitive documents so as to prevent leakage of information? The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: We need to protect the confidentiality and integrity of data based on its sensitivity. Users have to be allowed to read documents based on their rank or position in the organization. There should be a way to increase or decrease the ability of users to read documents and the sensitivity of the documents. Otherwise, people promoted to higher positions, for example, could not read sensitive documents, and we would end up with a proliferation of sensitive and obsolete documents.##%%&&multilevel security
If we don't enforce the defined authorizations it is the same as not having them, users and processes can perform all type of illegal actions. Any user could read any file, for example. The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: Defining authorization rules is not enough, they must be enforced whenever a user or process makes a request for a resource. There are many possible ways of enforcement, depending on the specific architectural unit or level involved. We need an abstract model of enforcement that applies to every level of the system##%%&&reference monitor
The ROLE-BASED ACCESS CONTROL (249) model is used now in many systems. However, the different component frameworks (.NET, J2EE) provide support only to define roles and to write authorization rules, and do not say anything about where the rights come from. It is not easy for system designers or for administrators to define the required roles and their corresponding rights. How can we assign appropriate rights to the roles when we want to implement a least privilege policy? The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: Roles correspond to functional tasks in an organization, and we need to assign to these tasks sufficient rights to perform their work. Rights should be assigned according to the need-to-know (least privilege) principle, in which each role gets only the rights required to perform their duties. New roles appear and some roles may not be needed any more: changes to roles and their rights should be easy to perform. The assignment of rights should be independent of the system implementation.##%%&&role rights definition
A user executes an application composed of several concurrent processes. Processes are usually created through system calls to the operating system. A process that needs to create a new process gets the operating system to create a child process that is given access to some resources. A computing system uses many processes or threads. Processes need to be created according to application needs, and the operating system itself is composed of processes. If processes are not controlled, they can interfere with each other and access data illegally. Their rights for resources should be carefully defined according to appropriate policies, for example need-to-know. The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: There should be a convenient way to select a policy to define process rights. Defining rights without a policy brings contradictory and non-systematic access restrictions that can be easily circumvented. A child process may need to impersonate its parent in specific actions, but this should be carefully controlled, otherwise a compromised child could leak information or destroy data. The number of child processes created by a process must be restricted, or process spawning could be used to carry out denial-of-service attacks. There are situations in which a process needs to act with more than its normal rights, for example to access data in a file to which it doesn't normally have access##%%&&controlled process creator
A user executes an application composed of several concurrent processes. Processes are usually created through system calls to the operating system. A process that needs to create a new process gets the operating system to create a child process that is given access to some resources. A computing system uses many processes or threads. Processes need to be created according to application needs, and the operating system itself is composed of processes. If processes are not controlled, they can interfere with each other and access data illegally. Their rights for resources should be carefully defined according to appropriate policies, for example need-to-know. The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: There should be a convenient way to select a policy to define process rights. Defining rights without a policy brings contradictory and non-systematic access restrictions that can be easily circumvented. A child process may need to impersonate its parent in specific actions, but this should be carefully controlled, otherwise a compromised child could leak information or destroy data. The number of child processes created by a process must be restricted, or process spawning could be used to carry out denial-of-service attacks. There are situations in which a process needs to act with more than its normal rights, for example to access data in a file to which it doesn't normally have access##%%&&controlled process creator
Security accounting is an activity that takes in the detectable data from an event and provides some security-relevant information about that event to a human. A basic accounting sequence is completed when security-relevant information associated with an event of interest is provided to the accounting user. You need a clear set of requirements to ensure that the strategy employed for a security accounting system actually satisfies the needs of the organization or system. Requirements for security accounting often conflict with each other, and trade-offs between them are often necessary. You need to prioritize these requirements to determine under what circumstances you should put more emphasis on one requirement over another. How can you determine specific requirements for a security accounting service, and their relative importance? Below are examples of different security accounting use situations that define different security accounting needs for an organization. Many other security accounting service use scenarios are possible. 1. Security accounting is used to establish how well financial assets are being protected over a five-year period. The organization suspects that authorized access to the records is being used to misdirect funds, so security accounting is employed to help identify any perpetrators. 2. Security accounting is used to search for any intrusions into the organization's network. Security accounting monitors network traffic and compares that information to authorized traffic. Security accounting issues an alert if there is activity that is unwanted or unexpected. 3. Security accounting is used to establish a documented trail of evidence for global, very large, financial transactions. Security accounting must capture transaction terms, and the identities of parties that engage in such transactions. The terms and party identities must be accessible for review and reported to decision makers. There is a risk of large financial loss, and therefore the security accounting service must be as accurate as possible The process of selecting and prioritizing accounting requirements needs to balance the following forces: You can use security accounting to help achieve desired security properties, especially accountability Applying accounting has many associated costs (support personnel, software, additional processing time, and so on) that are counter to the organization goal of minimizing total costs Collecting extensive relevant raw accounting data increases the likelihood of achieving accountability Collecting extensive raw accounting data increases the risk of violating privacy laws, or of abusing such data, or of damaging the reputation of the collector The range of time in which accounting may be needed for an event is very broad, ranging from near-real-time to years after the event Types of events for which accounting is needed may include repeatable, consistent events, as well as ad-hoc events Applying accounting adds complexity to the administration processes, which is counter to the organization goal of minimizing and simplifying administrative and maintenance processes Accounting needs to interface with other security services (for example, access control, I&A), thereby increasing the complexity of the software, which is counter to the organization engineering goal to maximize service independence Supporting multiple types of accounting policies across an organization increases complexity, which is counter to reducing overall costs The elements of the security accounting service need protection if the service is to perform its function##%%&&security accounting requirements
Audit is a security service that scrutinizes logs, audit trails or other captured information and attempts to discern more detailed information about an event. It analyzes the event information for any indication of security violations. You need a clear set of requirements to ensure that the audit strategy employed actually satisfies the needs of the organization or system. Requirements for audit often conflict with each other, and trade-offs among them are often necessary. The conflict stated above in the example is that the need to provide an audit trail must be balanced with resource and privacy constraints. What types of information are appropriate or required for an audit system to analyze? How can you determine a balanced set of specific requirements for an audit service, and their relative importance? Audit errors can result in lack of accountability in two ways. If person A commits an act that violates security, and the audit concludes that person B committed this act, then (1) person A is not held accountable for his action, and (2) person B is incorrectly held accountable and suffers consequences for an act he did not commit.##%%&&audit requirements
An organization needs to observe events and to revisit data related to those events to help achieve security properties in a system or domain, and to understand when and how security properties have been compromised. Audit trails and logging (AT&L) is a security service that automates the capturing of information about events and activities that occur within the organization. Audit trails are a series of records about system events or user activities. Audit trails can be used to reconstruct events, determine who is responsible for events, what malicious or unwanted activities have occurred, and analysis of any problems. Logs are individual trails of information that may be combined into an audit trail. You need a clear set of AT&L requirements to guide selection or implementation of an AT&L service and to determine if it is adequate to address organization or system needs. These requirements need to be prioritized to determine under what circumstances an organization should put more emphasis on one requirement over another. How can you determine a balanced set of specific requirements for an AT&L service, and their relative importance? The process of selecting and prioritizing AT&L requirements needs to balance the following forces: Capturing logs and audit trails increases the likelihood of achieving desired security properties, especially accountability Capturing logs and audit trails requires resources and entails cost Capturing logs and audit trails increases the risk of violating privacy laws, or of abusing such data, or of damaging the reputation of the collector A higher capacity of logs and audit trails enables greater volume and frequency of data acquisition, and a greater length of time for which data is available, which in turn supports increased accounting capability A higher capacity of logs and audit trails requires greater processing and storage resources Following accepted community AT&L requirements tends to save implementation cost, because tools are available to use Following accepted community requirements on collecting AT&L data may not give your organization exactly what you need AT&L data compression reduces required storage but requires compression and decompression tools##%%&&audit trails and logging requirements
IDS is a security service that automates the monitoring of events occurring in a computer system or network. It analyzes these events for any indication of security violations. You need a clear set of requirements to ensure that the intrusion detection strategy employed actually satisfies the needs of the organization or system. Requirements for intrusion detection often conflict with each other, and trade-offs among them are often necessary. The conflict stated in the example is that the need to detect intrusion must be balanced with resource and privacy constraints. What types of information are appropriate or required for an IDS to analyze? How can you determine a balanced set of specific requirements for an IDS service, and their relative importance? The process of selecting and prioritizing intrusion detection requirements needs to balance the following forces: Applying intrusion detection increases the likelihood of achieving the desired security properties, especially accountability and integrity. Applying intrusion detection has associated costs, such as software, additional processing time and resources, and risks, such as privacy violations. Intrusion detection errors can result in two different types of problems. First, if an intrusion occurs that violates security, and the IDS service does not detect it or prevent it, then damage can occur, and it might not be discovered until a later time. Second, if no intrusion occurs but the IDS incorrectly believes an intrusion has occurred, then resources are wasted trying to respond to a problem that does not exist.##%%&&intrusion detection requirements
Non-repudiation is a security service that captures and maintains evidence so that the participants of a transaction or interaction cannot deny having participated in that activity. The need is to identify the common requirements that drive the design of this service. The model in the figure places non-repudiation in the context of the identity of the participants, in terms of the activity that it collects, and the facts and evidence that it provides. This ensures that the participants cannot deny having engaged in the activity. Non-repudiation needs information about the event that will disallow the participants from denying their participation. If the participants are allowed to deny their involvement in the activity, then the integrity of the activity will be jeopardized and other participants may suffer negative consequences. For example, if a purchaser receives a book that they ordered from Amazon.com, and then denies receiving it, Amazon may need to send another copy of the book, which is a financial loss to them. How can specific requirements for a non-repudiation service, and their relative importance, be determined? The process of selecting and prioritizing non-repudiation requirements needs to balance the following forces: You can use non-repudiation to help achieve the desired security properties, especially integrity and accountability. Obtaining evidence that a person or organization participated in a transaction can have significant benefits in cases in which they deny participation, including favorable resolution of both economic and legal disputes. Applying non-repudiation has associated costs, including the time and resources required for continuously capturing identifiers and authenticators and explicitly defining the terms of an event. This is counter to the organization goal of minimizing total costs. High need for non-repudiation often involves intrusive or inconvenient constraints on participants. There may be legal constraints that mandate that participants have access to the facts and evidence of their activities. The elements of the non-repudiation service need protection if the service is to perform its function.##%%&&non-repudiation requirements
Some of the hosts on other networks may try to attack the local network through their IP-level payloads. These payloads may include viruses or application-specific attacks. How can we identify and block those hosts? The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: We need to communicate with other networks, so isolating our network is not an option. However, we do not want to take a high risk for doing so. The protection mechanism should be able to reflect precisely the security policies of the organization. A too coarse defense may not be useful. Any protection mechanism should be transparent to the users. Users should not need to perform special actions to be secure. The cost and overhead of the protection mechanism should be relatively low or the system may become too expensive to run. Network administrators deploy and configure a variety of protection mechanisms; hence it is important to have a clear model of what is being protected. The attacks are constantly changing; hence it should be easy to make changes to the configuration of the protection mechanism It may be necessary to log input and/or output requests for auditing and defense purposes.##%%&&packet filter firewall
Some of the hosts on other networks may try to attack the local network through their IP-level payloads. These payloads may include viruses or application-specific attacks. How can we identify and block those hosts? The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: We need to communicate with other networks, so isolating our network is not an option. However, we do not want to take a high risk for doing so. The protection mechanism should be able to reflect precisely the security policies of the organization. A too coarse defense may not be useful. Any protection mechanism should be transparent to the users. Users should not need to perform special actions to be secure. The cost and overhead of the protection mechanism should be relatively low or the system may become too expensive to run. Network administrators deploy and configure a variety of protection mechanisms; hence it is important to have a clear model of what is being protected. The attacks are constantly changing; hence it should be easy to make changes to the configuration of the protection mechanism It may be necessary to log input and/or output requests for auditing and defense purposes.##%%&&packet filter firewall
PACKET FILTER FIREWALL (405) only inspects the network addresses when deciding whether to allow access for a request. We can only block supposedly malicious sites. It is hard to know about all of those sites, and we need further defenses. Also, how do we protect our network from potential attacks that might be embedded within the data segment of the packets? The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: We need to let external networks access our services and local users access external sites. Isolation is not acceptable. There are a variety of application services in a system, for example mail, file transfer, and others. Hackers can plan specific attacks against them and we need to be prepared for a variety of attacks. Network administrators deploy and configure a variety of protection mechanisms, so it is important to have a clear model of what is being protected and what types of attacks are possible. The protection mechanism should be able to reflect precisely the security policies of the organization. The types of attacks are constantly changing, so it should be easy to make changes to the configuration of the protection mechanisms. It may be necessary to log requests for auditing and defense purposes##%%&&proxy-based firewall
How can we correlate incoming packets? This correlation may be useful to see if they include portions of commands or data needed for attacks, or to avoid redundant checks and improve performance. The solution to this problem must resolve the following forces: Network administrators deploy and configure a variety of firewalls, so it is important to have a clear model of what packet correlations are required to be inspected and filtered, and what level of stateful inspection is desired. Otherwise, configuration errors and extra overhead may result. The configuration of the firewalls must reflect the organization's security policies, otherwise it would be difficult to decide on what to filter and what stateful features to include. What is being inspected and filtered is constantly changing, so it should be easy to make changes to the configuration of the firewall. It may be necessary to log client requests for auditing and defense purposes.##%%&&stateful firewall
